## Metadata collection for images


file | title | alt text | caption
--- | --- | --- | --- |
04_open_access_archives.png  | modes of OA self-archiving in repositories | modes of OA self-archiving in repositories  | Schematic visualization of different modes to self-archive documents open access
ASAPbio_licensing_preprints.png | How open is your preprint? | How open is your preprint? Overview of licenses and their impact on open sharing  | How open is your preprint? Overview of licenses and their impact on open sharing
continental_OA.jpg  | Distribution of OA by region/continent | Distribution table of open access repositories and documents held  | Distribution table of open access repositories and documents held, sorted by geographic region / continent (Europe, North America, Australasia, Asia, South America, Africa, Caribbean, Central America, Unknown)
Creative_commons_license_spectrum.svg  | Creative Commons license spectrum | Creative commons license spectrum between public domain (top) and all rights reserved (bottom) | Creative commons license spectrum between public domain (top) and all rights reserved (bottom). Left side indicates the use-cases allowed, right side the license components. The dark green area indicates Free Cultural Works compatible licenses, the two green areas compatibility with the Remix culture. The bright green area alone can be seen as similar to the "fair use" concept, and the yellow area to the "freeware" concept.
DOAJ_licenses.png | DOAJ: Overview of CC licenses used by journals in database | Overview of CC licenses used by journals in the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ)  | Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ): Overview of Creative Commons licenses used by journals, in thousands per license | Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ): Overview of Creative Commons licenses used by journals, in thousands per license
growth_oa_Laakso.png | Open Access Journals and articles: growth over time, from 1993-2009 | Open Access Journals and articles: growth over time, from 1993-2009 | Open Access Journals and articles: growth over time, between 1993-2009
growth_oa_Laakso.jpg | Open Access Journals and articles: growth over time, from 1993-2009 | Open Access Journals and articles: growth over time, from 1993-2009 | Open Access Journals and articles: growth over time, between 1993-2009
Neylon_preprints.png | Preprint process: Physics vs. the Life Sciences | Preprint process: comparison of different steps in Physics and the Life Sciences, from original research contribution to published paper and beyond | Preprint process: comparison of different steps in Physics and the Life Sciences from original research contribution to published paper and beyond
OA_by_subject.png | Distribution of Green, Gold, Bronze, and Hybrid OA, next to closed-source publications, by academic subject | Distribution of Green, Gold, Bronze, and Hybrid OA, next to closed-source publications, by academic subject | Distribution of Green, Gold, Bronze, and Hybrid OA, next to closed-source publications, by academic subject
OA_citation_advantage.jpg | Relative Citation Rate (OA : non-OA), by discipline | Relative Citation Rate (OA : non-OA), by discipline | Relative Citation Rate (OA : non-OA), by discipline
OA_growth.jpg  | Growth of OA, between 1950 and 2015 | Growth of OA, between 1950 and 2015. Comparison between percentage and total no. of articles  | Growth of OA, between 1950 and 2015. Comparison between percentage and total no. of articles
OAlogo.jpg  | Open Access Logo | Official Open Access Logo: open lock in orange on white background  | | Official Open Access Logo
sci_hub_downloads.jpg  | Geographic distribution of downloads via Sci-Hub, per publication and country | Geographic distribution of downloads via Sci-Hub, per publication and country | Geographic distribution of downloads via Sci-Hub, per publication and country
timeline_xkcd.jpg  | xkcd.com comic: How much knowledge is there? | xkcd.com comic: How much knowledge is there? Growth of knowledge over time | xkcd.com comic: How much knowledge is there? Growth of knowledge over time
universal-declaration-human-rights.jpg  | Universal Declaration of Human Rights (first page) | Universal Declaration of Human Rights (first page) | Universal Declaration of Human Rights (first page)
